Add information on SEntry and heroku logs (#126)
dandi/handbook: docs/40_development.md

Netlify account used for this purpose; in order to get access to that account,
speak to @satra.

## Monitoring

### Service(s) status

The DANDI project uses [upptime](https://upptime.js.org/) to monitor the status of DANDI provided and third-party services.
The configuration is available in [.upptimerc.yml](https://github.com/dandi/upptime/blob/master/.upptimerc.yml) of the https://github.com/dandi/upptime repository, which is automatically updated by the upptime project pipelines.
Upptime automatically opens new issues if any service becomes unresponsive, and closes issues whenever service comes back online.
https://www.dandiarchive.org/upptime/ is the public dashboard for the status of DANDI services.

## Logging

### Sentry

Sentry is used for error tracking main deployment.
To access Sentry, login to https://dandiarchive.sentry.io .

### Heroku & Papertrail

> `dandi-api` and `dandi-api-staging` apps have Papertrail add-on configured to capture logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dandi-api` and `dandi-api-staging` apps have the Papertrail add-on configured to capture logs.
```

> To access papertrail login to [Heroku dashboard](https://dashboard.heroku.com), proceed to the corresponding app and click on "Papertrail" add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Papertrail, log in to the [Heroku dashboard](https://dashboard.heroku.com), proceed to the corresponding app and click on the "Papertrail" add-on.
```

> CRON job on `drogon` server backups Papertrail logs as .csv files hourly at `/mnt/backup/dandi/papertrail-logs/{app}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cronjob on the `drogon` server backs up Papertrail logs as .csv files hourly at `/mnt/backup/dandi/papertrail-logs/{app}`.
```

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity, why bother to do this? Papertrail itself backs up monthly log bundles for the previous year.

> Moreover, `heroku logs` processes per app dump logs to `/mnt/backup/dandi/heroku-logs/{app}` directory.

Reviewer: Unclear what this refers to. Another process on `drogon`?

Author: Right! Wording is indeed unclear although sounded fine for me originally ;-)  Is this making more sense?

```suggestion
Another CRON job on `drogon` runs `heroku logs` processes per app to dump logs to `/mnt/backup/dandi/heroku-logs/{app}` directory for each hour.
```
